the strength of luke skywalker exists a
connected flying saucer signed parrot
the builder of connected objects
French and a ps4 console to play
under the water was not bad ah yeah but
that's not true yes it was actually
the techno jokes of April 1st
florilège the best moments of his
jokes from April 1st with the editorial
from 0 net.com right away the strength of
star wars
well yes according to the cern it exists there
exists in a universe that is a
force that would move
objects with the strength of his thought and
its derivatives the water was not bad
it was not bad but it was good
good after there was samsung too he
ya who did a nice thing a species
of knife connect very pretty but in
more to samsung ie screen
color and so it's imagined with a
knife here is a kind of cowardly one is
can say that's a galaxy choice that's
that google pulled us out of a box
letters connect one so that would
here they wanted to talk to us about a
mailbox that is installed in front of
his house and as soon as one is a real
paper mail
well we are notified on his
smartphone plus lots of other things
term I did not find that super funny
less fan wade this mailbox
connected means but what do we have
had we heard playstation with the
playstation
this is very good article an article
to choose is who was really enough
Nice it was very nice
playstation blur is a reality mask
virtual that allows you to make a
something we had never done in
video game in total immersion after-effects
to read immersion because it's
to play underwater the idea was to play
under water but it's true that there is
some video game scenes that get
goes under water sometimes so the lidc
here you put the mask jumping you
in the pool either because we all
a private pool waiting for us
that's great because in the
bathtub in my opinion it's a little fair
the shower is a little bit complicated
but it was funny because she has
more at the end of the film he explains that the
thing you dry in an instant south she
was pretty good this April fool
of sony good and then after there was when
even the episode lunia a yes
smartphones and put under ms back and
apple with two geeks because who
knows but this back apart from you me and
that his sister ciminelli the good eric the
bourlout there is still
some who have known the
here is taken putting systems
operating on pc these rooms
computers before imagine alumnia
you start with ms dos it's not the
I will back you called and you
the instruction was what's the
instructions these fuss it would make it
know i just want to just apply
really say they really started
on the windows store we can really
play with and it's really back
like old-fashioned it must be done to
enter the directory must launch
programs in high memory for
to be able to launch a game it's quite funny
and it's really good for me
it's one of the funniest it's a fish
of April but it's not a fake it's
something here so it's not that
just an app it's not a real bone
yeah that's for sure it's all the more
funny that actually microsoft does
problems with his bone our bones
current mobiles which are said to go
we go back to the sources
next year we assemble hours it will be
cool I'm sure some would have
did not do it like an April Fool's joke
no I think that a few years ago I
do not think not parrot also the driver
dark and connected objects is
specialist drones aulaqi then him
launch its huge costs that facts
in fact it was after the drone they
claim they would have they have
asserted yesterday that they had invented a
a flying saucer knows that a drone
scoop shaped and each time this
which is funny is that there is always
the good the little son who is well and has
noticed today as soon as he
there is a new product that comes out it takes
support must be confessed
and so here is the word and until
bout then there were others of fish
of April but there we tried to
present the best and the best
the best
oh yes I think it was this one and
he told me France friends and there is even
made in 01net almost christopher will
explain everything to us because the
responsible is there if we can see it
so it was finally there is no big
thing to see for once but it was
A nice story
about the color of smartphones
christopher what's this time but hey
it's true that it has become a
tradition of making fish
in the high tech sector have seized and
a lot of confreres from other media than
you surely know
it's a criminal association
why not make a big fish
of April on a topic that could
to be credible so we tried not to
do something that is too much
go too far who sees the pede it was
here we say we feel a little believable
here we started from a university in
Finland is the viola university
exists with his men there is already done
measurements on smartphones and we have
invented a phony study that would have like
finding the golden smartphones would
less performant would have a debit
lower than smartphones white gray or
black as the 4g flow of smartphones
they could be more or less
fast I could see yellow color
exactly so with a big theory
when we hear when we do not deepen
we can say yeah why not why
not petros copy that is to say that the
safa the color density would have a
impact on the diffusion of the waves
electromagnetic the big any
what but we were a big fat
dozens of French media took the
same info about at the same time with
photographs that you see there and
their taking into account in French media
it fascinates me we will not mention the names
written camara it takes and media
americans too that's what's funny
good American media have taken over the
news
that's without a source is obviously a